Industrialize deployment of new instances (#744)
ambanum/OpenTermsArchive: scripts/rewrite/README.md

### Running

> __Note: You should execute commands from this directory to ensure config is properly loaded.__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: You should execute commands from the `scripts/rewrite` directory to ensure config is properly loaded.**
```

Reviewer: > So does that mean the `import` config from #739 would be in that directory as well? I would like that! 😃

Author: Yep, that was my plan 😉 !

### Running

> **Note: You should execute commands from the `scripts/rewrite` directory to ensure config is properly loaded.**

Reviewer: > Isn't this redundant with the `cd` instruction below?

Reviewer: Just to be clear: as @martinratinaud, I prefer the `cd` over the top note 🙂

### Running

__Note: You should execute commands from this directory to ensure config is properly loaded.__

Run every command by setting `NODE_ENV` to `rewrite-versions`.

Run the script by running:

```sh

> NODE_ENV=rewrite-versions node rewrite-versions.js

Reviewer 2: I would add

`cd scripts/rewrite`

to make it obvious you need to be in a different folder.
I often find this clearer than the leading Note
